
Digital Mindset Training
8 core traits

1. Adaptive
	Change is ever present in the digital workplace being able to adjust and modify 
	their self to new directions, learnings, or actions is what defines their ability to adapt.
	
	Ideal Characteristics: fully understands that change is constant and inevitable,
	in regards to technology and self development. They are willint to transform.
2. Agile
	Ideal: demonstrates a willingness to focus and learn new technology when told that is a popular
	with recent interviews. The above and beyond member will start studying it may not covered
	
	Concerning - stagnant, not want to try knew strategies
3. Collaborative
	Ideal: focus on the we rather than me. Someone who will encourage others to do thri best
	and enjoys sharing victories. A person who knows the significance in investing in team
	growth to creat a greater endpoint.
	
	Concerning - someone narrow minded and thinks that success is limited
4. Continuous
	Ideal constantly pushes themselves to improve on a task no matter how well they
	know the subject. Someone who wants to constantly frow and strives to stay on
	step ahead
	
	Concerning - someone who is satisfied with one final end goal and does not 
	have the mindselt to keep improving
5. Exploratory
	Ideal: given an objective, they do not just dive in aimlessly, yet try to learnabout the reason behind 
	tasks. This type of person would strice to learn through various avenues more about the tools used
	
	Concerning: checks the box with all projects and move on to the next one when done
6. Outcome Oriented
	Ideal: there is a reason, almost all the time directly tied to a business outcome. Someone who works
	towards completing goals.
7. Quick to Automate
	Ideal: completes an application, however continues to find ways to enhance it to handle increased scale and speed
	
	Conderning: finding one way to do something and not deviating
8. Tech Adopter
	Ideal: dive in and learn the latest and greatest technologies is always eager to incorporate them into
	their daily lives/
	
	Concerning: Someone who is scared or nervous to utilize new technologies and does not stay up-to-date
	with market trends.