



PKI
	A public key infrastructure (PKI) is a set of roles, policies, hardware, software and procedures needed to create, 
	manage, distribute, use, store and revoke digital certificates and manage public-key encryption.
	
	PKI (or Public Key Infrastructure) is the framework of encryption and cybersecurity that protects communications between the server (your website) and the client (the users). 
	Through encryption and decryption, PKI is based on digital certificates that verify the identity of the machines and/or users that ultimately proves the integrity of the transaction. 
	As the number of machines is increasing dramatically in today’s digital age, it’s important that our information is trusted and protected against attacks. 
	
	CIA triad - Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability -
	The CIA triad is a common model that forms the basis for the development of security systems
	
Namespace <service-name>.<namespace-name>.svc.cluster.local
app1.default.svc.cluster.local
app1.dev.svc.cluster.local
app1.qa.svc.cluster.local


Namespaces – Limit Range - amount of cpu and memory
By default, containers run with unbounded compute resources on a Kubernetes cluster. 
With resource quotas, cluster administrators can restrict resource consumption and creation on a namespace basis. 
Within a namespace, a Pod or Container can consume as much CPU and memory as defined by the namespace's resource quota. 
There is a concern that one Pod or Container could monopolize all available resources. 
A LimitRange is a policy to constrain resource allocations (to Pods or Containers) in a namespace.

A LimitRange provides constraints that can:
Enforce minimum and maximum compute resources usage per Pod or Container in a namespace.
Enforce minimum and maximum storage request per PersistentVolumeClaim in a namespace.
Enforce a ratio between request and limit for a resource in a namespace.
Set default request/limit for compute resources in a namespace and automatically inject them to Containers at runtime.

Namespaces - Resource Quota - limits the number of objects you are creating
When several users or teams (product that has higher and lower sales) share a cluster with a fixed number of nodes, there is a concern that one team could use more than its fair share of resources.
Resource quotas are a tool for administrators to address this concern.
A resource quota, defined by a ResourceQuota object, provides constraints that limit aggregate resource consumption per namespace. 
It can limit the quantity of objects that can be created in a namespace by type, as well as the total amount of compute resources that may be consumed by resources in that project.

