

MASTERING THE INTERVIEW
	Know the basics -> Research the company -> resonate and connect
	When it was founded
	CEO
	**Core Values
	What is the industry and their competitors
	What are the primary products and services
	**Current events and prjects
	
	RELX is the parent company -> LN is the child company
	
Know the Role
	Where is the position
	Who's the interviewer
	Understand the Tech
	What traits are needed
	What do you need to learn -> study the role
	Any major projects?
	
Your Resume
	Know your resume
	Only put technologies and projects you can fully speak on
	Have resume ready
	Notepad and pen -> do not type notes
	
A technology sound JUMPro did not get hired bc they did not know what one technology from JD was
A technology sound JUMPro did not get hired because they did not know the main service of the company
a JUMPro who did get hired did well overall and stood out because they knew
A JUMPro looked up the "optional tech" technologies

TOP SOFT SKILLS INTERVIEW QUESTIONS
	Tell me about yourself -> Use your elevator pitch 
	1. Explain who you are - Educational/Professional - 3 technologies that you are competent in -> I have always had a passion for technology, engineering and science in general. 
	I am a recent graduate with a B.A.S. in Technology Development with software development as my subplan, so .  I also recently was certified as a scrum master because I love the Agile methodology.  I am currently in the Jump program for SRE, and I am
	learning more and recollecting what I have learned with Linux, networks, cloud technologies, pushing code, and automation
	2. What are you aiming to achieve in your career? I am aiming to become a team lead because I have a lot of experience identifying strengths in team members and encouraging them to use those skills for the team
	3. Unique selling point - Why you? Behavioral - passion of continuously learning - I'm a great student and can learn just about anything I set my mind on learning, 
		love pulling a team together cohesively in a fun, agile way, specifically people over processes - I am dedicated and really care about my work - whatever that may be. I am intentional, serious, and always looking for ways to improve efficiency.
		
Creating your brand and have your message down
	1. Crating a lasting first impression
	2. 3 Core Messages
	3. Be prepared for small talk - do not say good if they ask how is your day so far?  remember to ask back "how is your day going so far?"
	
Strengths and Weakness
	1. Continously learning with the aim of seeking the best processes while staying adaptable to the guidance of leadership and aware of risk management
	2. Sometimes, when I am learning a new technology, I am too literal and want to know all possible scenarios and best practices, and that sometimes slows me down. I am learning to focus on only what I need to do in that role and let go of the rest.
		I tell myself that I need to stay calm in all things because anxieties only lead to freezing up.
	
Additional Common QUESTIONS
	Teamwork/Leadership
	2-year Growth
	Tech Extra Curricular
	Upskilling
	Tech Passion
	Challenge
	Success
	Jump Experience 
	
Situation QUESTIONS
	How do you handle working under pressure? First, I remind myself to be calm. Second, I think about time management and how best to improve efficiency. Third, I follow an algorithmic problem solving process, in other words, one step at a time.
	Example: I just recently worked for Capital One, and we had a lot of pressure investigating the PPP Loans with a daily case closure requirement of 3 cases per day. I developed a template and a process that allowed me to achieve a metric of 7.1 cases per day.
	
	STAR
	Situation: What was the situation
	Task: What had to be done
	Action: What did YOU do 
	Results: What happened in the end
	
	
ProfessionalISM
	Are you dressed professionally?
	Is you computer background professional?

NON-VEBAL Body Language	
	Eye Contact - turn off dual monitor
	Smile and nod appropriately - look at webcam
	Be conscious of tone - positive and calm
	Lean forward a little - shoulders up and in the middle of the screen
	Bouncing, spinning or tapping - no no
	Active listening and DON'T INTERRUPT
	
Energy -> Passion Goes a Long Way
Mangers are looking for someone who is genuinely passionate and energized
	-> Positive wording
	-> Smiling
	-> Tone of voice
	-> Attentiveness
	
Questions you should ask - 
	-> How many - 3 to 5 prepared
	-> Which questions should you ask? Questions that put them at ease...
		-> Anything more specific about the role, including what tasks I might be responsible for.
		-> Can you talk about a project I might be working on and what new technologies might i need?
		-> I'm looking to upscale - what technologies would you recommend I learn? 
		-> What are the expectations for six months and twelve months? 
	-> Which should you not ask? salary/benefits, work/life balance, how did I do?