I put you away so... you couldn't look at me
I put you away so... you can't see
I put you away so... you couldn't find me
I put you away so... you won't see...

Walked to the oceanside... cast my thougts into time-crushing waves
Grabbed the shovel in my.... mind to add to my memory graves
Opened eyes wide and cried... to make these atoms stop, dissapate
But the bonds are too strong... for my life-tattered soul to break

I put you away so... you couldn't look at me
I put you away so... you can't see
I put you away so... you couldn't find me
I put you away so... you won't see..

Danced with blood-painted skin... to the beat of forgetfulness
Loosed the primal within... in attempting destruction of this
Prayed for those magic words... soundwaves sent inescapably hit
Cut you straight throuh your soul... till your power is lost into bliss

I put you away so... you couldn't look at me
I put you away so... you can't see
I put you away so... you couldn't find me
I put you away so... you won't see..

a thing.

IDME-2RYO-38K2-EC5J

The space is nearly white with energy, the kind that blinds a living pair of eyes in seconds. So many gods in one place, I think.  How did I get this chance?  Or is this another illusion, like Mozart or Jimi, something my spirit produced to keep my focus off being dead in some void awaiting the inevitability of being sucked into some unknown future? Well, hell, I think.  Either way...

"Ahem" I say, less to clear my throat than to get something that was akin to attention. Honestly, though, I have no idea what attention would be like in this space.

"Hey!" I yell, "I have something to say."

The sound of my voice echoes around, as if bouncing off invisible walls or sustaining in some type of chamber.  I have something to say... I have something to say... I have something to say...

"It has something to say" booms a deeper voice.  It has something to say... It has something to say... bounces all around me.

"It does not have the right" comes a crushing, all-encompassing whisper that feels like energy splitting me into pieces.

"Please," I whisper back, more from losing strength than attempting to mock, "if you can split my soul and disperse it without changing anything..."

The whispering energy stops. The light now shimmers in forms and places as if there were actually different forms to these beings.

I continue. "Becasuse I'm so tired--body or no body. I'm tired of everything,"  I say, quietly gaining strength. "Aren't you?"

I am met with silence, and the silence continues as only a drone of energy fills the space.  Now there is no form, nothing is made into waves that could be understood as acquiescence or rebuttal.  Am I to continue?  Am I to disappear?  More waiting. With a brain or without, I have come to understand that my spirit has never been patient. Maybe I am just like some free radical, some roaming electron bumping into atoms and tearing off other electrons to find a nucleus.  But no... I am more of a neutrino, and I know that more than anything else about myself. I could pass right through anything and it would be unaffected.  So why was I still here?

"With all due respect, and since this is my hallucination," I add, "I would like to ask how many billions of lives have to be lived and ended before you realize that this cycle you created is illogical and unacceptable? Truly... respectfully... does this thing that you made even satisfy your hunger anymore?"  I wait for an answer, and then I decide to continue until I am stopped.  "All things become meanigless after a while, don't they?  I mean what is power if you demand it or set everything up?  Don't you ever want to just stomp all over your sandcastle or break apart your house?  Would that NOT be freeing?  Finally NOT being responsible for things that will just end up predictably dead in the end?"

"Dead?" I hear, as if froom a curious chlld.  "If you can truly perceive, you would not say dead."

"Right," I continue. "Dead is a construct of lower beings that have to go through this tortuous cycle because we don't have your power!  And then we are dead and reborn, and to you that is just continuation or slight change, but to me, it is exhaustingly predicatble. I have asked myself, I don't know how many times since I left that last body, what is ever really dead? We are all combinations of light matter and energy that has existed forever, so why would this energy ever seek to be destroyed? I mean, am I correct in assuming that in each life you get a new chance to do and be whatever you can?"

Still silence. I wonder, is this how gods ponder?  Is this how they exist, in shiny blotches of light that can form and reform at will?  "And WHY are we still expanding?" I ask, "And more importantly, how long is it going to take before all molecules are far enough away from each other to reach absolute zero kelvin?"

"You are meaningless" booms the original voice, and then I am met with a choir of echoes.  Meaningless... meaningless.... meaningless... meaningless...

"Great!" I shout. "We agree! So destroy me, and I will no longer be meaningless. In fact, I will no longer be anything. I will certainly not be here annoying you. It's a win-win proposal."

"Energy cannot be destroyed" booms the voice.

"Do the laws of thermodynamics really apply here?" I ask. "I mean, if you are gods, then you should be able to make your own laws."

"We cannot destroy you," it says.

"Then expel me into an isolated system. Second law, right?"

"That is the cycle of reincarnation" booms the voice. "Once you are refined enough to become sentient..."

"We can only absorb you," says the whispery, splintering voice.

"Great," I say, moving my spirit close enough to the energy to no longer perceive distance, "how about a hug?"

Instantly, I am repelled backards into darkness, as if propelled through space, back, back into the music graveyard. I cannot see it because I am now in my imagined body and everything feels painful. I don't want to open my eyes, but I can smell it. Bits of burning paper, wood, metal, and ash falling on my skin.

"Hey, Wolfgang," I hear as masterfully-played acoustic guitar notes meet my ears. "Check out this riff."

"It's all been written before, my dear friend," he replies, sounding unimpressed.  

"Seriously?" I mutter to myself. "Magenetism?"  //explain this

"Now look who's back!"  I hear as I sense a warm hand on my slowly warming shoulder. "How did it go? Good? Not Goood?"

"I was repelled," I answer, still not opening my eyes.

"Ahhh," Mozart said lyrically, "Of course! Why not? And... do you know why?"

I wait, a caesura, as he would like to think of it. I wonder, will he say it in his usual animato or is this more of a maestoso moment?

He takes in a deep breath and then sings in a 29-note, F Dorian scale, "Che ha una bellissima voce, ma e tanto susurro nel teatro che non si sente niente." //translate this

I am impressed. Even here a perfect-pitch Dorian scale would elude me, but I can only sigh. I am frustrated by my own creations. In the most monotonous tones I can muster, I say, "Not the Latin, please. Wasn't that meant to be some super secret code between you two siblings?"

Preditably, he says, "Well, I'm only..."

"A created character, a figment of my imagination," I interrupt irritatedly. "I know! And I wish I had never read your letters!"

"I can disappear if you wish..."

"No. If I wished, then according to your theories, you would disappear, wouldn't you?" 

Not suprorisingly, that shuts him up. Be present, my little voice says. Use mindfulness to understand your surroundings. It's the only way out. I put my forearm over my eyes and perceive. Other than the thick smell of smoke, there is soft grass under my body and the discordant sounds of broken and untuned instruments has ceased.  At least this time I landed farther away from the fire pit, I tell myself. Jumping in that thing was the worst decision this soul ever made.  

"I was loud enough, wasn't I?"  I say, thinking out loud. "Unless something intervened..."

"But were you fortississimo?" he asks, and I am again frustrated, but not surprised, that I have imagined a Mozart who only speaks in musical terms.  Then I hear, "Oh!"

Anything shocking enouogh to get an exclamation from my Mozart is worth opening my eyes. Curiosity overwhelms inertia, and I sit up and open them slowly to the thick, smoky air. I follow Mozart's astonished gaze to the only other person I have invented--Jimi. And there he is in all his glory, lying in the middle of an ever-widening, colorful bed of poppies, daisies, lillies, impatiens, and many others that may or may not exist on Earth.  He lies there, eyes closed, his right foot resting on his bended, left knee, his guitar across his chest, a huge grin on his face.

Stunned, I ask, "How are you even doing that?"

"Vibes," he says, with that infectious laugh of his.

Mozart and I turn to each other and ask, "Vibes?"



